this is kelvin booker canard catering an
event planning in New York City here
with tips on wedding shower meals a
wedding shower can be either for the
bride and her friends or for the couple
themselves whatever you decide doesn't
have to be an elaborate seated dinner
can be a tea can be lunch can be a
cocktail party they're all perfect
settings for a memorable wedding shower
if you decide to do a tea think about
tea sandwiches Jesus savory snacks and
of course a few sweet things for a lunch
how about a whimsical entree salad
something like asparagus and parmesan
tuile layers maybe even add some lobster
or crab to make it particularly
memorable if you'd like to do a buffet
consider a salad buffet in whimsical
glass vessels couscous with grilled
vegetable ragout and feta for bean salad
with a tarragon vinaigrette mixed greens
with honey and champagne vinaigrette all
great options if you'd like to do a
cocktail reception ask your caterer to
do some classics like beef tenderloin or
you can do a take on a retro item like
buffalo wings or the celery stick is
actually the skewer if you'd like to do
some stationery items pull chicken
pulled beef pulled pork make great
miniature sandwiches or you can do a
retro mac and cheese buffet with all the
fixings whatever you do make sure you
focus on a theme that the couple enjoys
or somehow tie it to their wedding so it
all makes sense you could have a cupcake
tower in the shape of their wedding cake
or you can create a candy buffet in
their wedding colors this is kelvin book
have a great
you